[PL-Doc] Add sumo logic documentation (#9741)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/governance/audit-trail/audit-streaming.md

   - `/services/server/info`
:::
</TabItem>

<TabItem value="sumo-logic" label="Sumo Logic">

>   :::note Important Points to Consider Before We Begin

Author: Ok Abhishek I have removed it now.

>   :::note Important Points to Consider Before We Begin

Reviewer: @ivikramsahu are you yet to commit the changes? Do not see the changes reflecting yet.

>   :::note Important Points to Consider Before We Begin

Author: yes @abhishekharness i am on it.

    1. Sumo Logic offers two UIs: Classic and New. In this section, we will be using images and steps that are available only in Sumo Logic's [New UI](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui/).
    2. Ensure that you have administrative access to your Sumo Logic account.
  :::
  

>   Before adding Sumo Logic as a [New Streaming Destination](#add-a-streaming-destination), we need to follow a few steps to configure collectors and the source for streaming audit logs, as shown below:

Reviewer: Let's not add Sumo Logic-related steps in our documentation. We can instead add a pre-requisite section and provide appropriate links to the Sumo Logic documents. Writing the rough pre-requisites:
1. Ensure that you have an Access ID and Access Keys with the required permissions. The access key can have Default scope or custom scope. In case, the key has custom scope, ensure that the following permissions are selected: Data Management > Collectors (View Permission), Log Search > Run Log Search (Manage permission), Security > Access Keys (Manage permission), and Security > Personal Access Keys (View & Manage permission). Learn more in [Sumo Logic official documentation](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/manage/security/access-keys/). [Screenshot]
2. HTTP Source Address: URL associated with the your HTTP source. Learn how to configure an HTTP Logs and Metrics Source in [Sumo Logic official documentation](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/http-source/logs-metrics/#configure-an-httplogs-and-metrics-source). [Screenshot]

Author: updated.

          ![sumo-collection](./static/sumo-collection.png)
      
      - Add a Collector, then select the Collector Type. You can choose either [Installed or Hosted](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/send-data/choose-collector-source/), depending on your requirements. For now, we will select the Hosted Collector to set up the collector in the Sumo Logic Cloud.

          ![add-a-collector](./static/sumo-add-a-collector.gif)

  4. Add [HTTP Source](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/http-source/logs-metrics/) to Sumo Logic Collector:

      - Check Add Source option in the same row as your collector.

      - Search for 'HTTP Logs & Metrics' in the search tab.

      - Add a unique name and any optional input fields as per your requirements. Similarly, you can enable advanced options for logs and update processing rules based on your needs.

        ![http-source-to-collector](./static/sumo-add-http-source.gif)   

      - Click Save to proceed. Once saved, you will find the HTTP Source Address. Copy and save it for future configuration with Harness.

        ![http-url](./static/sumo-http-url.png)        

  ### Add Sumo Logic as New Streaming Destination

>       1. Add Sumo Logic's Access ID and Access Key to Harness Secrets that we saved in the previous steps. Navigate to Account Settings → Account-level Resources → Secrets.

Reviewer: We should not add this as a separate step as this can be done as part of the creation of streaming destination itself.

          ![sumo-secrets](./static/sumo-add-secrets.gif) 
      
      2. Add [New Streaming Destination](#add-a-streaming-destination), Navigate to Account Settings → Security and Governance → Audit Trail.

      3. Check Audit Log Streaming → New Streaming Destination. 

      4. Configure Streaming Destination:

>           4.1 Add a name, description, and tags in your Overview section.

Author: Updated : Add a name, description, and tags in your Overview section; the description and tags are optional. ✅

              ![stream-overview](./static/stream-destination-overview.png)

          4.2 Configure Sumo Logic Connector:

>               ![sumo-stream-connector](./static/sumo-stream-connect.png)

Author: updated

>             - Create or select an existing connector. For now, let's add a new connector.

Reviewer: This should go above after "Configure Sumo Logic Connector:" Final - Configure Sumo Logic Connector: Create or select an existing connector. For now, let's add a new connector.

Author: done

            
            - Click New Connector → Add a name, description, and tags accordingly.

            - Add the Sumo Logic API server URL. Select the [most suitable URL](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/api/getting-started/#which-endpoint-should-i-should-use), then add the Access ID and Access Key that we configured in step 1.

            - Select the Delegate setup → Save and Continue.

                ![add-sumo-logic-connector](./static/sumo-add-configure-streaming.gif)

>             - Verify the connection and click Finish to complete the setup. The connector may be selected automatically after verification.

Author: I have updated it.

   - `/services/server/info`
:::
</TabItem>

<TabItem value="sumo-logic" label="Sumo Logic">
  
  
  :::info **Prerequisites**

    1. Sumo Logic's [Access ID and Access Key](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/manage/security/access-keys/). An Access Key can have two scope types: [Default and Custom](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/manage/security/access-keys/#create-an-access-key). If selecting Custom, ensure you enable the permissions shown in the image below. 
        <img src={SumoPermission} width="400"/>

    2. [HTTP Source Address](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/http-source/) to receive logs.
  :::

>   To Configure Sumo Logic as New Streaming Destination:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To configure Sumo Logic as a New Streaming Destination:
```

>   ### Sumo Logic as New Streaming Destination

Reviewer: PLease remove this as a heading. Sumo Logic is solely appearing in the right sidebar because of this. Instead, please put the Prerequisites in an info banner. Remove  "  To configure Sumo Logic as a new streaming destination, ensure you meet the following requirements: " line from pre-req. After the banner is done, start with "To configure a Sumo Logic streaming destination:"

  1. Follow the steps above to [Add a streaming destination](#add-a-streaming-destination).
      

>   2. Select **Sumo Logic** Connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2. Select **Sumo Logic**.
```

Reviewer: Let's do not call it connector now as it might be confusing with the actual Sumo Logic connector that needs tto be selected later.

>   1. Add a name, description, and tags in your Overview section; the description and tags are optional.

Reviewer: This needs to be removed as added in previous comments as well. This is already present in the above section. Instead just add: 
1. Follow the steps above to [Add a streaming destination](/docs/platform/governance/audit-trail/audit-streaming#add-a-streaming-destination).

2. Select Sumo Logic.

Let's keep it consistent with docs for other destinations.

>       ![stream-overview](./static/stream-destination-overview.png)

Reviewer: Please remove the image

  2. Configure Sumo Logic Connector: Create or select an existing connector. For now, let's add a new connector.  

      ![sumo-stream-connector](./static/sumo-stream-connect.png)
            

>     - Click New Connector → Add a name, description, and tags accordingly.

Reviewer: The indentation of these sub-bullets are not right as they are aligning with the main bullet.

    - Add the Sumo Logic API server URL. To know your Sumo Logic API Endpoint refer [Sumo Logic documentation ](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/api/getting-started/#sumo-logic-endpoints-by-deployment-and-firewall-security) 
            
    - Add Sumo Logic Access ID and Access Key. You can either [add new secrets](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/secrets/add-use-text-secrets/) directly or use existing ones. For now, we have used the existing secrets as shown in the GIF below.

    - Complete the Delegate setup → Save and Continue.

      ![add-sumo-logic-connector](./static/sumo-add-configure-streaming.gif)

    - Verify the connection and click Finish to complete the setup. 

  3. Add the HTTP Source Address. Click Save and Continue to proceed.
          
      ![sumo-http-stream](./static/streaming-connector-http-source.png)  

  3. Verify the connection and click on Finish.

>     :::warning Warnings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :::warning Troubleshoot a Sumo Logic Streaming destination
```

>       - HTTP Source Address: There is no validation for the HTTP Source Address when creating a streaming destination. If an incorrect address is provided, logs will not be sent, and an error will appear in the Harness UI. Ensure that the correct HTTP Source Address is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Verify that the correct HTTP Source Address is provided. If an incorrect address is entered, logs will not be streamed, and an error will appear in the Harness UI.
```

>       - Access Credentials: If an invalid Access ID/Key is used or the key lacks necessary permissions, Sumo Logic does not display an error. Ensure that the access keys are valid and have the required permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Ensure that the access keys are valid and have the required permissions. If an invalid Access ID or Access Key is provided, or if the key does not have the required permissions, Sumo Logic will not generate an error message, and you will not see any error shown in the Harness UI.
```

   - `/services/server/info`
:::
</TabItem>

<TabItem value="sumo-logic" label="Sumo Logic">
  
  **Prerequisites**

  To configure Sumo Logic as a new streaming destination, ensure you meet the following requirements:

  1. Sumo Logic's [Access ID and Access Key](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/manage/security/access-keys/). 

>   2. An Access Key can have two scope types: [Default and Custom](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/manage/security/access-keys/#create-an-access-key). If selecting Custom, ensure you enable the permissions shown in the image below. 

Reviewer: The point 2 is part of point 1 itself. Please merge it.

      <img src={SumoPermission} width="400"/>

>   3. [Installed](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/send-data/installed-collectors/) or [Hosted](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/) Sumo Logic Collector.

Reviewer: We do not support Installed collector. Please remove this point altogether. If they have an HTTP Source address, it means they have collector already. Moreover, we do not take any collector related input.

>   4. [HTTP Source Address](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/http-source/) to receive logs and metrics.

Reviewer: We do not send any metrics as part of audit logs streaming. please change.

  ### Sumo Logic as New Streaming Destination
      

>       1. To Add [New Streaming Destination](#add-a-streaming-destination), Navigate to Account Settings → Security and Governance → Audit Trail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      1. To add a new streaming destination, navigate to Account Settings → Security and Governance → Audit Trail.
```

>       2. Check Audit Log Streaming → New Streaming Destination. 

Reviewer: Update as per other streaming destinations.

      3. Configure Streaming Destination:

>           3.1. Add a name, description, and tags in your Overview section; the description and tags are optional.

Reviewer: Remove

              ![stream-overview](./static/stream-destination-overview.png)

          3.2. Configure Sumo Logic Connector:

>             - Create or select an existing connector. For now, let's add a new connector.  

Reviewer: Move this to 3.2 itself

              ![sumo-stream-connector](./static/sumo-stream-connect.png)
            
            - Click New Connector → Add a name, description, and tags accordingly.

            - Add the Sumo Logic API server URL. To know your Sumo Logic API Endpoint refer [Sumo Logic documentation ](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/api/getting-started/#sumo-logic-endpoints-by-deployment-and-firewall-security) 
            

>             - Add Sumo Logic Access ID and Access Key. You can either [add New Secrets](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/secrets/add-use-text-secrets/) directly or use an existing one. For now, we have used the exisiting secrets as show in the image below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - Add Sumo Logic Access ID and Access Key. You can either [add new secrets](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/secrets/add-use-text-secrets/) directly or use existing ones. For now, we have used the existing secrets as shown in the GIF below.
```

>             - Select the Delegate setup → Save and Continue.

Reviewer: Replace Select with a different word that captures both the possible cases.

                ![add-sumo-logic-connector](./static/sumo-add-configure-streaming.gif)

>             - Verify the connection and click Finish to complete the setup. The connector is selected automatically after verification.

Reviewer: Bring out the second sentence outside these sub-bullets.

          3.3. Add the HTTP Source Address. Click Save and Continue to proceed.
          
                ![sumo-http-stream](./static/streaming-connector-http-source.png)  

>      4. Verify the connection and finish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     4. Verify the connection and click on Finish.
```
